so you don't have a cell phone a
blackberry a pager nothing no well what
if some sudden crisis occurs like your
father has a heart attack or something
my father died two years ago oh I'm
sorry I just found out this morning so
it's been a rough 24 you know maybe I
should get a cell phone that's a good
idea
Lindsey Meeks has never met a guy quite
like Ben I'm about to turn twenty ten
and instead of becoming more open and
available I'm becoming less open all the
guys are david competitive and
successful it's like you're dating
yourself ding ding ding this guy he's
got such a good body but I really think
you've got something here me too
something's not quite right Robin there
is a reason this Ben guy is still single
I'm really gonna take a chance now
Lindsey will you go to opening day with
me yes she knows he's a fan where do the
Sox rank in your life Red Sox and
breathe it can you believe this pinhead
she knows he's devoted this Red Sox
thing it's an obsession
I know it's just but she's about to
discover they're sending me to Paris to
close the deal and I am taking Wow
just how committed he really is
which you games out of first with three
weeks left you know but this is when
they need me when they need you from
20th Century Fox
dumpin what in the mood at what point do
you say to yourself I'm counting on you
to be the one and I have no fallback
plan it's not another woman
[Music]
it's an entire team she wants me to give
this up
you love the shocks if they ever love
you back
oh you dr. Phil get at it go go ahead
Phil swing the bat drew Barrymore
Jimmy Fallon 23 years you still care
about anything you cared about 23 years
ago it's only a game what did you just
say
she said it's it's a crying shame and
stop moving towards the door
fever what family Frank one please
[Applause]
[Music]